[no ci] Update README, add target users (#276)
XmacsLabs/mogan: README.md

Mogan Editor is a structure editor delivered by the [Xmacs Labs](https://github.com/XmacsLabs).

Mogan Editor is a **libre software** forked from [GNU TeXmacs](http://www.texmacs.org/tmweb/home/welcome.en.html), the major differences are:
+ Switched from GNU Guile 1.8.x to S7 Scheme (Faster)
+ Upgraded from Qt 4.8.x to Qt 5.15.x (More beautiful)
+ Via `Help->Mogan`, massive online TeXmacs documents provided by [Xmacs Planet](https://github.com/XmacsLabs/planet) and [TMML wiki](https://github.com/XmacsLabs/tmmlwiki)

## What is GNU TeXmacs

> https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1267865/166646231-9eda740f-d413-4c1e-9be8-d42689fdbce0.mp4

Reviewer: Compared to showing only the demo video, I would suggest citing additionally the introduction of TeXmacs from its homepage.

> GNU TeXmacs is a free scientific editing platform designed to create beautiful technical documents using a wysiwyg interface.
It provides a unified and user friendly framework for editing structured documents with different types of content: text, mathematics, graphics, interactive content, slides, etc.
TeXmacs can be used as a graphical front-end for many systems in computer algebra, numerical analysis, statistics, etc.
Documents can be saved in TeXmacs, Xml or Scheme format and printed as Pdf or Postscript files. Converters exist for TeX/LaTeX and Html/Mathml. Notice that TeXmacs is not based on TeX/LaTeX.
Its rendering engine uses high-quality typesetting algorithms so as to produce professionally looking documents, which can either be printed out or presented from a laptop.
New styles can be written by the user and new features can be added to the editor using the Scheme extension language.
Runs on all major Unix platforms, MacOS, and Windows.

And for further details, we link the article by Max, [TeXmacs and the art of mathematical writing](https://texmacs.github.io/notes/docs/art-of-math-writing.html), which is a very nice and concise introduction of the philosophy of TeXmacs.

Reviewer: Another important question related is how Mogan is expected to be different from TeXmacs.

## Goal: We create Mogan Editor for everyone to learn and create science and technology
## Target Users
### Developers
> **No Contributors and Developers, no Mogan Editor!**

The happiness of people who maintain and improve the Mogan Editor should be the highest priority. It is a non-profit project, none of us should get upset by the project itself.

We will improve Mogan Editor as a structure editor for:

> + Personal Knowledge Management / Note Taking

Reviewer: We should split these two options.
I think we should always emphasize the advantage of the WYSIWYG interface with Mogan's various tools for studying and researching science, technology, engineering, and mathematics (STEM).

I would suggest 
"Structural note-taking suitable for various purposes of the STEM study and research."

+ Code Editing
+ Lightweighted Markup Language **Live** Editing (Markdown/reStructeredText/...)

We hope that more and more developers join us, gain happiness, and help other users of Mogan Editor.

### Teachers
We would like to spend more time on bugs, features and plugins for high school teachers.

For high school education, Maxima, Gnuplot and [Eukleides](http://www.eukleides.org/overview.html) are the most important plugins.

For other teachers, we will also try our best to help them adopt Mogan Editor in teaching.

> ### Students

Reviewer: Again we should emphasize STEM.

Teachers first, students are second only to teachers.

> For students in college and university, Octave and Python are the most important plugins.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For STEM students in colleges and universities, Mogan provides useful plugins of Octave and Python, more to come under future user requests.```
